0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is an artificial word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling small particles. Also the longest word in the English dictionary.
1.  getrusage return the amount of resources used either by the calling process, all children of the calling process that have terminated and been waited for or for the current thread.
2.  struct rusage contains 16 members.
3.  struct rusage is an abstract type with 16 children. By passing an abstract type as a value we would be making a copy of all of the data in the struct needlessly filling up our stack. By passing it as a reference value we can simple us the pointer to read the data.
4.  The program loads up a dictionary (if provided, default otherwise) measuring the time this took. Next it tries to load up the text to spell check one character at a time checking if the character is legal (e.g. alphanumeric) and the word is not to long (longer than 45 characters) otherwise skipping the word (e.g. reading additional characters until a new word is reached). If the word is valid it checks it against the dictionary measuring the time that takes and increments the word count variable and in case the word is misspelled also the misspelled variable. If everything goes well the program reaches the end of the text checking every valid word it found after which it closes the text file. Next it calculates the size of the dicionary (again checking how long that takes) and unloaded it (while measuring how long that takes). The program finishes by printing out a number of statistics such as misspelled words, text word count, dictionary size and the running time of the various function calls.
5.  When using fscanf with %s you cannot check if a word contains digits or not (which is also alphanumeric). Moreover, you can also not check the length of the words. Although we specify that the maximum word length in the English dictionary is 45 characters this does not mean there could not be any longer words in the text the program is spell checking. If that is the case we would get an error because the word array is to small to store the word.
6.  Defining a parameter as constant you state the intention not to alter the variable. As we are passing in pointers we could manipulate the actual value of the parameter. In the case of both check and load we definitely do not want to alter the parameters as we would be altering either the word in the text or the word in the dictionary.
